battle as:I know I was wrong. I just got so caught up in my own success, I didn't look at the battle as a whole. I wasn't being disobedient. I just. . . forgot
a padawan:No. No, it's okay. I understand. I'm the Padawan, you're the Master.
look tough:You don't have to look tough to be tough
luke skywalker:So much like your father.
giant wall:Look at that giant wall with all the gun emplacements. That won't be easy to get past.
anakin skywalker was weak. i destroyed him.:Then I will avenge his death!
a leader:You don’t have to carry a sword to be powerful. Some leaders’ strength is inspiring others.
lucky:Master Kenobi always said there’s no such thing as luck.
know about the force:In my experience, when you think you understand the Force, you realize just how little you know.
hit that:Well, we’re not going to crash into the star, but we’re definitely going to hit that planet!
survivors:Wait! Just because there hasn’t been any survivors before, doesn’t mean there won’t be any this time.
Lux:Hungry? Careful not to choke on your stupidity.
starve:Don’t worry. We’ll run out of air long before we starve.
new day:This is a new day. A new beginning.
missiles:Look out, incoming missiles!
asajj ventress:If it isn't the hairless harpy.
awake:I'm just glad he wasn't awake to see that landing!
demolishing:I've certainly perfected the art of demolishing ships and almost getting my master killed.
pull back:All right, all right. Let's go, squad. Pull back to command ship.
battleships:I thought I could knock out those battleships so when Master Obi-Wan arrived, he could get through.
guards:Guard duty? For how long?
kill count:My squadron alone had 55 kills.
a thief:A thief stole my lightsaber, and I only got a quick look at him. I could tell he definitely came from one of the aquatic planets. You know, one of the water worlds?
the slave:Remind me why I'm the one playing the part of the slave?
cad bane's hat:Ugh, who else wears a hat like that?
cad banes hat:Ugh, who else wears a hat like that?
cruiser:Uh, shouldn't we be getting back to the cruiser?
just in time:Looks like I got here just in time.
hang on:I know, I know. I'm hanging on.
blockade:We can't just smash through that blockade.
keepers of the peace:As a Jedi, we were trained to be keepers of the peace, not soldiers. But all I've been since a Padawan is a soldier.
maul escaped:He didn't escape. I let him out.
ahsoka is annoying:You'll find I have many qualities for you to dislike.
defeat:To defeat your enemy you have to understand them.
tinny:You must be General Grievous. He's just another tinny, boys. Let's scrap him like the rest.
and she was a good friend:Care to tell me what this is all about? Or would you rather save it for the Council?
r/andshewasagoodfriend:Care to tell me what this is all about? Or would you rather save it for the Council?
plo koon:If anyone could survive, Master Plo could.
neebray:That one looks hungry.
pookums:Pookums? Oh, brother!
ashoka:Careful not to choke on your stupidity. It's Ahsoka not Ashoka!
snips:Don't call me that. I hate it when you call me that.
ahsoka is ugly:Careful not to choke on your stupidity.
ahsoka, you are ugly:Careful not to choke on your stupidity.
ahsoka, you're ugly:Careful not to choke on your stupidity.